# 1655311895-如何度量幸福


https://www.pursuit-of-happiness.org/science-of-happiness/measuring-happiness/

**Oxford Happiness Questionnaire**

1 = strongly disagree
2 = moderately disagree
3 = slightly disagree
4 = slightly agree
5 = moderately agree
6 = strongly agree

lease read the statements carefully, because some are phrased positively and others negatively. Don’t take too long over individual questions; there are no “right” or “wrong” answers (and no trick questions). The first answer that comes into your head is probably the right one for you. If you find some of the questions difficult, please give the answer that is true for you in general or for most of the time.

The Questionnaire

1. I don’t feel particularly pleased with the way I am. (R) _____

2. I am intensely interested in other people. _____

3. I feel that life is very rewarding. _____

4. I have very warm feelings towards almost everyone. _____

5. I rarely wake up feeling rested. (R) _____

6. I am not particularly optimistic about the future. (R) _____

7. I find most things amusing. _____

8. I am always committed and involved. _____

9. Life is good. _____

10. I do not think that the world is a good place. (R) _____

11. I laugh a lot. _____

12. I am well satisfied about everything in my life. _____

13. I don’t think I look attractive. (R) _____

14. There is a gap between what I would like to do and what I have done. (R) _____

15. I am very happy. _____

16. I find beauty in some things. _____

17. I always have a cheerful effect on others. _____

18. I can fit in (find time for) everything I want to. _____

19. I feel that I am not especially in control of my life. (R) _____

20. I feel able to take anything on. _____

21. I feel fully mentally alert. _____

22. I often experience joy and elation. _____

23. I don’t find it easy to make decisions. (R) _____

24. I don’t have a particular sense of meaning and purpose in my life. (R) _____

25. I feel I have a great deal of energy. _____

26. I usually have a good influence on events. _____

27. I don’t have fun with other people. (R) _____

28. I don’t feel particularly healthy. (R) _____

29. I don’t have particularly happy memories of the past. (R) _____

Calculate your score

Step 1. Items marked (R) should be scored in reverse:

If you gave yourself a “1,” cross it out and change it to a “6.”
Change “2” to a “5”
Change “3” to a “4”
Change “4” to a “3”
Change “5” to a “2”
Change “6” to a “1”

Step 2. Add the numbers for all 29 questions. (Use the converted numbers for the 12 items that are reverse scored.)

Step 3. Divide by 29. So your happiness score = the total (from step 2) divided by 29.

I recommend you record your score and the date. Then you’ll have the option to compare your score now with your score at a later date. This can be especially helpful if you are trying some of the exercises, and actively working on increasing your happiness.


INTERPRETATION OF SCORE

I suggest you read all the entries below regardless of what score you got, because I think there’s valuable information here for everyone.

1-2 : Not happy. If you answered honestly and got a very low score, you’re probably seeing yourself and your situation as worse than it really is. I recommend taking the Depression Symptoms test (CES-D Questionnaire) at the University of Pennsylvania’s “Authentic Happiness” Testing Center. You’ll have to register, but this is beneficial because there are a lot of good tests there and you can re-take them later and compare your scores.

2-3 : Somewhat unhappy. Try some of the exercises on this site like the Gratitude Journal & Gratitude Lists, or the Gratitude Visit; or take a look at the “Authentic Happiness” site mentioned immediately above.

3-4 : Not particularly happy or unhappy. A score of 3.5 would be an exact numerical average of happy and unhappy responses. Some of the exercises mentioned just above have been tested in scientific studies and have been shown to make people lastingly happier.

4 : Somewhat happy or moderately happy. Satisfied. This is what the average person scores.

4-5 : Rather happy; pretty happy. Check other score ranges for some of my suggestions.

5-6 : Very happy. Being happy has more benefits than just feeling good. It’s correlated with benefits like health, better marriages, and attaining your goals. Check back – I’ll be writing a post about this topic soon.

6 : Too happy. Yes, you read that right. Recent research seems to show that there’s an optimal level of happiness for things like doing well at work or school, or for being healthy, and that being “too happy” may be associated with lower levels of such things.


1. 我对自己现在的样子并不特别满意。 (R) _____

2. 我对其他人非常感兴趣。 _____

3. 我觉得生活很充实。 _____

4. 我对几乎每个人都有很温暖的感情。 _____

5. 我很少醒来感到休息。 (R) _____

6.我对未来不是特别乐观。 (R) _____

7. 我觉得大多数事情都很有趣。 _____

8. 我始终致力于并参与其中。 _____

9. 生活是美好的。 _____

10. 我不认为这个世界是个好地方。 (R) _____

11. 我经常笑。 _____

12. 我对生活中的一切都很满意。 _____

13. 我不认为我看起来很有吸引力。 (R) _____

14. 我想做的事和我做过的事之间有差距。 (R) _____

15. 我很高兴。 _____

16. 我在某些事物中发现美。 _____

17.我总是对别人产生愉快的影响。 _____

18. 我可以适应（找时间）我想做的一切。 _____

19. 我觉得我不是特别能控制自己的生活。 (R) _____

20. 我觉得什么都能接受。 _____

21. 我感到精神完全清醒。 _____

22. 我经常感到快乐和兴高采烈。 _____

23. 我觉得做决定并不容易。 (R) _____

24. 我对我的生活没有特别的意义和目的感。 (R) _____

25. 我觉得我精力充沛。 _____

26. 我通常对事件有很好的影响。 _____

27. 我不喜欢和别人一起玩。 (R) _____

28. 我感觉不是特别健康。 (R) _____

29. 我对过去没有特别快乐的回忆。 (R) _____
    